Add documentation for strict mode (#274)
Shopify/packwerk: USAGE.md

It will be a dependency violation when `components/shop_identity` tries to reference a constant that is not within `components/platform` or itself.

> #### Using strict mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Using strict mode

```

> Once there are no more violations in a package, you can turn on `strict` mode, which will prevent new violations from being added to `package_todo.yml`. To use this, simply set `enforce_dependencies: strict` in your `package.yml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once there are no more violations in a package, you can turn on `strict` mode, which will prevent new violations from being added to the package's `package_todo.yml`. To use this, simply change `enforce_dependencies: true` to `enforce_dependencies: strict` in your `package.yml`.
```
